Added release notes for 1.3.5 (#5431)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/2019/announcing-1.3.5/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.3.5
description: Istio 1.3.5 release announcement.
publishdate: 2019-11-11
attribution: The Istio Team
subtitle: Minor Update
release: 1.3.5
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.3.5
---

This release includes bug fixes to improve robustness. This release note describes what's different between Istio 1.3.4 and Istio 1.3.5.

{{< relnote >}}

## Bug fixes

> 

Reviewer: We should put this one on top:
```
- **Fixed** an issue where Envoy may consume excessive CPU due to incorrectly handling listener filter timeouts. ([Issue 18229](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/18229))
```
It's probably the most important fix in this release.

Author: @rlenglet please see the latest update and let me know your thoughts. 

Also @geeknoid This varies a bit in the normal announcement style since this has both bug and security fixes. Please let me know if you have any suggestions.

- **Fixed** Envoy listener configuration for TCP headless services. ([Issue #17748](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/17748))
- **Fixed** an issue which caused stale endpoints to remain even when a deployment was scaled to 0 replicas. ([Issue #14436](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/14336))

> - **Fixed** Pilot to gracefully handle generating invalid Envoy configuration. ([Issue 17266](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/17266))

Reviewer 2: this doesn't make alot of sense to me.  Is Pilot generating invalid envoy configuration and that is what was fixed?

Reviewer 3: If pilot does generate invalid config, previously it would crash. Now it doesn't. This makes us resiliant to bugs that we don't know about, and prevents https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/v1alpha3/envoy-filter/ from crashing pilot

Reviewer: How about:
```
- **Fixed** Pilot to gracefully handle Envoy rejecting configurations. (...)
```

Author: - **Fixed** Pilot to no longer crash when an invalid Envoy configuration is generated.

> 

Reviewer: Need 2 more items for https://github.com/istio/istio/pull/18620:
```
* **Fixed** an issue with the `destination_service_name` label not getting populated for TCP metrics related to BlackHole/Passthrough clusters. ([Issue 17271](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/17271))
* **Fixed** an issue with telemetry not reporting metrics for BlackHole/Passthrough clusters when fall through filter chains were invoked. This occurred when explicit `ServiceEntries` were configured for external services. ([Issue 17759](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/17759))
```
CC @nrjpoddar

Author: Added. Thanks.

Reviewer: @brian-avery I don't see the update. Did you push your updated branch?

> - **Fixed** Pilot to gracefully handle bad configurations for invalid custom Envoy filters. ([Issue 17266](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/17266))

Reviewer 3: This is not fully accurate -- it is not just EnvoyFilters, but handles a common class of Pilot bugs gracefully.

Also `Envoy filter` is misleading, and this should probably be EnvoyFilter (poorly named :slightly_smiling_face: )

## Minor enhancements

- **Added** support for Citadel to periodically check the root certificate remaining lifetime and rotate expiring root certificates. ([Issue 17059](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/17059))

> - **Added** `PILOT_BLOCK_HTTP_ON_443` environment variable. If enabled, this flag will prevent HTTP services from running on port 443 in order to prevent conflicts with external HTTP services. This is disabled by default. ([Issue 16458](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/16458))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Added** `PILOT_BLOCK_HTTP_ON_443` boolean environment variable to Pilot. If enabled, this flag prevents HTTP services from running on port 443 in order to prevent conflicts with external HTTP services. This is disabled by default. ([Issue 16458](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/16458))
```

Author: Updated manually. Thanks :)

> - **Added** `PILOT_BLOCK_HTTP_ON_443` environment variable. If enabled, this flag will prevent HTTP services from running on port 443 in order to prevent conflicts with external HTTP services. This is disabled by default, but will be enabled in 1.4. ([Issue 16458](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/16458))

Reviewer 2: is this already enabled in 1.4?  otherwise, I'd recommend against making forward looking statements.

Author: Updated. Thanks.

Reviewer 3: Its already shipped in 1.4 and enabled by default

Author: It is enabled by default in 1.4, but 1.4 hasn't been released yet and I'm not sure 1.3 should be talking about what 1.4 will bring.

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.3.5
description: Istio 1.3.5 release announcement.
publishdate: 2019-11-11
attribution: The Istio Team
subtitle: Minor Update
release: 1.3.5
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.3.5
---

This release contains fixes for the security vulnerability described in [our November 11, 2019 news post](/news/2019/istio-security-2019-006)  as well as bug fixes to improve robustness. This release note describes what's different between Istio 1.3.4 and Istio 1.3.5.

{{< relnote >}}

> ## Security Update

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Security update
```
